Deprecate Application Support and Update Migration Guides (#717)
SwiftGen/SwiftGen: Documentation/templates/MigrationGuide.md

# SwiftGen 6.2 Templates Migration Guide

### Removed Swift 3 templates

> We've removed the bundled `swift3` templates, as we added `swift5` templates. We assume most of you are already developing in a newer version of Swift (4 or 5). If not, you can copy the `swift3` templates from older versions of SwiftGen into your project and point to them using `templatePath`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We've removed the bundled `swift3` templates, as we added `swift5` templates. We assume most of you are already developing in a newer version of Swift (4 or 5), as recent Xcode versions no longer provide support for Swift 3. If you're still using an old Swift version, you can copy the `swift3` templates from older versions of SwiftGen into your project and point to them using `templatePath`.
```

### CoreData: entityName is now a property

> If you used Core Data templates, the `entityName` is now correctly a `class var` property instead of a `class func`. You will have to remplace calls to `.entityName()` by `.entityName` instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are using Core Data templates, `entityName` is now correctly a `class var` property instead of a `class func`. You will have to remplace calls to `.entityName()` by `.entityName` instead.
```

### Strings: `%@` now generates an `Any` instead of `String`

> When generating constants for strings, if your string contains `%@` placeholders, we previously generated a function with corresponding parameters of type `String`. We now generate these parameters as being of type `Any`, since `%@` corresponds to any class or `NSObject`, not just `String`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When generating constants for strings, if your string contains `%@` placeholders, we previously generated a function with corresponding parameters of type `String`. We now correctly generate these parameters as being of type `Any`, since `%@` corresponds to any class or `NSObject`, not just `String`.
```

> This means that if you were previously explicitly calling `obj.description` or `String(describing: obj)` to be able to pass an object `obj` as a `String` to one of the generated strings functions for localization, you can now replace your code to directly pass `obj` instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This means that if you were previously explicitly calling `obj.description` or `String(describing: obj)` to be able to pass an object `obj` to one of the generated strings functions for localization, you can now replace your code to directly pass `obj` instead.
```

### XCAsset templates typealiases deprecation

> In the unlikely case that you used the `colorAliasName` and `imageAliasName` typealiases generated by the `XCAsset` templates, know that they are now deprecated. You should get a proper depreciation notice by Xcode if you use them anyway.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the unlikely case that you used the `colorAliasName` and `imageAliasName` typealiases generated by the `XCAsset` templates, know that they are now deprecated and will be removed in SwiftGen 7.0. You should get a proper depreciation notice by Xcode if you use them anyway.
```
